add timestamp to global state table for lease table cleanup (#861)
Azure/azure-functions-sql-extension: docs/BindingsOverview.md

```sql
UPDATE [Products].[az_func].[Leases_<FunctionId>_<TableId>] SET _az_func_AttemptCount = 0 WHERE ProductId = 123
```

#### Lease Tables clean up

> Before clean up, please see [Leases table](./TriggerBinding.md#az_funcleases_) documentation for how to get the correct Leases table.

Reviewer: Add comment here explaining why cleanup is necessary and when the user would want to do it.

> - Clean up all the tables not accessed more than N number of days, Please initialize N according to your use case:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deletes all the lease tables that haven't been accessed in N days:
```

```sql

> DECLARE @table_name NVARCHAR(MAX);

Reviewer: Add a `USE [<DbName>]` at the top with instructions to set it to the database to be cleaned up

> DECLARE @table_name NVARCHAR(MAX);

Reviewer: Would suggest putting a comment at the top explaining what the script is doing as well so people can simply copy and paste it and not have to add their own context in (for example if they make it into a job)

> DECLARE @UserFunctionId char(16);

Reviewer: Please also add a comment explaining what the user should set this value to and how to get it so the script itself has context about what it's doing.

```suggestion
DECLARE @UserFunctionId char(16) = <Insert function ID here>`
```

DECLARE @UserTableId int;

> DECLARE @N int;

Reviewer: I would also suggest naming this `CleanupAgeDays` or something similar to make it clearer

```suggestion
DECLARE @N int = <Insert desired cleanup age in days here>`
```

> DECLARE leasetable_cursor CURSOR FOR

Reviewer: nit: LeaseTable_Cursor (keep consistent capitalization in the script)

SELECT 'az_func.Leases_'+UserFunctionId+'_'+convert(varchar(100),UserTableID) as TABLE_NAME, UserFunctionID, UserTableID
FROM az_func.GlobalState
WHERE DATEDIFF(day, LastAccessTime, GETDATE()) > N

OPEN leasetable_cursor;

FETCH NEXT FROM leasetable_cursor INTO @table_name, @UserFunctionId, @UserTableId;

WHILE @@FETCH_STATUS = 0
BEGIN
    EXEC ('DROP TABLE IF EXISTS ' + @table_name);
    DELETE FROM az_func.GlobalState WHERE UserFunctionID = @UserFunctionId and UserTableID = @UserTableId
    FETCH NEXT FROM leasetable_cursor INTO @table_name, @UserFunctionId, @UserTableId;
END;

CLOSE leasetable_cursor;

DEALLOCATE leasetable_cursor;
```

- Clean up a specific lease table concerning a specific function:

To find the name of the leases table associated with your function, look in the log output for a line such as this which is emitted when the trigger is started.

`SQL trigger Leases table: [az_func].[Leases_84d975fca0f7441a_901578250]`

This log message is at the `Information` level, so make sure your log level is set correctly.

```sql

> DECLARE @table_name NVARCHAR(MAX); --@table_name would be [az_func].[Leases_84d975fca0f7441a_901578250]

Reviewer: Same here about doing `DECLARE @... = <Insert value here>` type stuff so the user can't run it until they fill in those values. 

You may also want to change the comments you have here to explain what the values are and then say something like `, e.g. '[az_func].[Leases_84d975fca0f7441a_901578250]'` to indicate that these are sample values of what they should look like

> DECLARE @table_name NVARCHAR(MAX); --@table_name would be [az_func].[Leases_84d975fca0f7441a_901578250]

Reviewer: nit: `@TableName` to keep casing consistent

DECLARE @UserFunctionId char(16); -- @UserFunctionId would be 84d975fca0f7441a
DECLARE @UserTableId int; -- @UserTableId would be 901578250

DROP TABLE IF EXISTS @table_name
DELETE FROM az_func.GlobalState WHERE UserFunctionID = @UserFunctionId and UserTableID = @UserTableId
```

> - Clear all trigger related data for a reset:

Reviewer: Maybe just have the first script be able to take in -1 for the days value to clean up all tables instead? Help keep things simpler

```sql
UPDATE [Products].[az_func].[Leases_<FunctionId>_<TableId>] SET _az_func_AttemptCount = 0 WHERE ProductId = 123
```

#### Lease Tables clean up

Before clean up, please see [Leases table](./TriggerBinding.md#az_funcleases_) documentation for understanding how they are created and used.

Why clean up?
1. You renamed your function/class/method name, which causes a new lease table to be created and the old one to be obsolete.
2. You created a trigger function that you no longer need and wish to clean up its associated data.
3. You want to reset your environment.

> The Azure SQL Trigger does not currently handle cleaning up any leftover objects, and so to assist you with that we have provided the below scripts to help guide you through doing that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The Azure SQL Trigger does not currently handle automatically cleaning up any leftover objects, and so we have provided the below scripts to help guide you through doing that.
```

- Delete all the lease tables that haven't been accessed in `@CleanupAgeDays` days:

```sql
-- Deletes all the lease tables that haven't been accessed in @CleanupAgeDays days (set below)
-- and removes them from the GlobalState table.
USE <Insert DATABASE name here>;
DECLARE @TableName NVARCHAR(MAX);
DECLARE @UserFunctionId char(16);
DECLARE @UserTableId int;
DECLARE @CleanupAgeDays int = <Insert desired cleanup age in days here>;
DECLARE LeaseTable_Cursor CURSOR FOR

SELECT 'az_func.Leases_'+UserFunctionId+'_'+convert(varchar(100),UserTableID) as TABLE_NAME, UserFunctionID, UserTableID
FROM az_func.GlobalState
WHERE DATEDIFF(day, LastAccessTime, GETDATE()) > @CleanupAgeDays

OPEN LeaseTable_Cursor;

FETCH NEXT FROM LeaseTable_Cursor INTO @TableName, @UserFunctionId, @UserTableId;

WHILE @@FETCH_STATUS = 0
BEGIN

>     EXEC ('DROP TABLE IF EXISTS ' + @TableName);

Reviewer: Let's add print statements to these, put the appropriate one above each statement that drops/deletes (here and below)

`PRINT 'Dropping table ' + @TableName`
`PRINT 'Removing row from GlobalState for UserFunctionID = ' + @UserFunctionId + ' and UserTableID = ' + @UserTableId'`

    DELETE FROM az_func.GlobalState WHERE UserFunctionID = @UserFunctionId and UserTableID = @UserTableId
    FETCH NEXT FROM LeaseTable_Cursor INTO @TableName, @UserFunctionId, @UserTableId;
END;

CLOSE LeaseTable_Cursor;

DEALLOCATE LeaseTable_Cursor;
```

> - Clean up a specific lease table concerning a specific function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clean up a specific lease table:
```

> To find the name of the leases table associated with your function, look in the log output for a line such as this which is emitted when the trigger is started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the name of the lease table associated with your function, look in the log output for a line such as this which is emitted when the trigger is started.
```

`SQL trigger Leases table: [az_func].[Leases_84d975fca0f7441a_901578250]`

This log message is at the `Information` level, so make sure your log level is set correctly.

```sql
-- Deletes the specified lease table and removes it from GlobalState table.
USE <Insert DATABASE name here>;
DECLARE @TableName NVARCHAR(MAX) = <Insert lease table name here>; -- e.g. '[az_func].[Leases_84d975fca0f7441a_901578250]

> DECLARE @UserFunctionId char(16) = <Insert function ID here>; -- e.g. '84d975fca0f7441a'

Reviewer: Add comments explaining how they get these values (from the leases table name)

DECLARE @UserTableId int = <Insert table ID here>; -- e.g. '901578250' the second section of the lease table name [Leases_84d975fca0f7441a_901578250].

> DROP TABLE IF EXISTS @TableName

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EXEC ('DROP TABLE IF EXISTS ' + @TableName);
```
